[DOCU-1859] Deactivated orgs in Konnect (#3561)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/deactivation.md

* There is no user login into the organization during the past 30 days.
* There are no API requests in either the current or the previous billing cycle
(30 day increments).

Organizations in Plus or Enterprise tiers are exempt, and are never deactivated
automatically.

## What happens if an organization is deactivated?

If your org is deactivated, you can no longer log into the organization, either
through the Konnect UI or the API, and the following happens:

* All billing stops immediately, and all {{site.konnect_saas}} subscriptions
are removed.

* The control plane associated with the organization is decommissioned.

* Any users that were part of the organization lose any roles or permissions
associated with the organization. Their accounts are otherwise unaffected.

* The email associated with the organization is locked and can't be used to
create another {{site.konnect_saas}} account.

If you have any runtimes registered through the Runtime Manager, they won't be
stopped by {{site.konnect_saas}}. They will no longer proxy data, but the
instances will keep running until you stop them manually.

## Deactivate or reactivate an organization

> There is currently no way to manually deactivate an organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deactivate an organization that you registered, please contact [Kong Support](https://support.konghq.com/).
```

I suggest this rather than leaving the user at a dead end. If it is phrased this way because Customer Support doesn't want to field these requests, feel free to leave as is.

Author: I haven't heard complaints from support yet, and we have links to contact them all over the Konnect docs 😄 I'll add this.

---
title: Account and Organization Deactivation
no_version: true
---

A {{site.konnect_saas}} organization is automatically deactivated after 30
days of inactivity.

> Your organization is considered inactive when:

Reviewer 2: we de-activate account only if its free account. If its Plus or enterprise, we do not de-activate account due to in-activity.

Author: Does this point still apply?
> There are no API requests in either the current or the previous billing cycle.

Ie, does an Enterprise or Plus account get deactivated in this situation? If it doesn't get deactivated, is there some interim state, eg dormant, where the user is not billed?

Reviewer 2: As far as I know, weekly task that disables organizations do not modify any orgs which belong to Plus or enterprise tier.

Author: So then the point "There are no API requests in either the current or the previous billing cycle" does not apply at all? The term "billing cycle" is confusing if we only use it to refer to free accounts.

Reviewer 2: This is still one of the criteria to determine inactivity.
